## What is the difference between push, pull, and fetch?
Consider how the following `git` commands synchronize your local repository with a remote repository:
* `git push` sends changes from your local branch to a remote repo.
* `git fetch` collects changes from a remote repo into your tracking branch.
* `git pull` collects changes from a remote branch into your tracking branch and merges them into a local branch.

While `git push` and `git pull` sound equivalent, one command performs a single action while the other performs two. `git push` takes our current branch, and checks to see whether or not it connects to a remote repository. If so, our changes upload to the remote branch. When you run this command, your local-branch commits upload to a remote repository. This fails if the remote branch diverges from your local branch: if not all the commits in the remote branch exist in your local branch. When this happens, synchronize your local branch with the remote branch with git pull or git fetch and git merge.`git fetch` again takes our current branch, and checks to see if there is a tracking branch. If so, it looks for changes in the remote branch, and pulls them into the tracking branch. It does not change your local branch. To do that, you need to run `git merge origin/master` (for the "master" branch) to merge those changes into your branch - probably also called "master".`git pull` simply does a `git fetch` followed immediately by `git merge`. This is often what we desire to do, but some people prefer to use git fetch followed by git merge to make sure they understand the changes they are merging into their branch before the merge happens.